#ensure IDs are str
_projectid                                771929 non-null object
_teacher_acctid                           771929 non-null object
_schoolid                                 771929 non-null object
school_ncesid                             771929 non-null object

#create heat map
school_latitude                           771929 non-null float6
school_longitude                          771929 non-null float64
school_city                               771929 non-null object
school_state                              771929 non-null object
school_zip                                771929 non-null object
school_metro                              676749 non-null object
school_district                           771011 non-null object
school_county                             771911 non-null object

#convert to binary
school_charter                            771929 non-null object
school_magnet                             771929 non-null object
school_year_round                         771929 non-null object
school_nlns                               771929 non-null object
school_kipp                               771929 non-null object
school_charter_ready_promise              771929 non-null object

#ensure all variables are correct
#histogram of teacher, correlations between variables
teacher_prefix                            771909 non-null object


#update to binary
teacher_teach_for_america                 771929 non-null object
teacher_ny_teaching_fellow                771929 non-null object

primary_focus_subject                     771887 non-null object
primary_focus_area                        771887 non-null object
secondary_focus_subject                   533674 non-null object
secondary_focus_area                      533674 non-null object
resource_type                             771881 non-null object
poverty_level                             771929 non-null object
grade_level                               771896 non-null object
vendor_shipping_charges                   736847 non-null float64
sales_tax                                 736847 non-null float64
payment_processing_charges                736847 non-null float64
fulfillment_labor_materials               736847 non-null float64
total_price_excluding_optional_support    771929 non-null float64
total_price_including_optional_support    771929 non-null float64
students_reached                          771779 non-null float64
total_donations                           771929 non-null float64
num_donors                                771929 non-null int64
eligible_double_your_impact_match         771929 non-null object
eligible_almost_home_match                771929 non-null object
funding_status                            771929 non-null object
date_posted                               771929 non-null object
date_completed                            518711 non-null object
date_thank_you_packet_mailed              466925 non-null object
date_expiration                           771721 non-null object